♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big,
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Marshall] "Pups and the Very Big Baby."
[panting]
-Whoo.
-[Skye laughing] Hey, Rocky.
-Sliding championship.
-Come on.
I'm in.
[all barking]
[yips]
That ladder's paw-toasting hot.
Aw, too hot
for a sliding championship today.
Wait, wait, wait.
That's why I brought this. [barks]
[all] Water sliding championship.
Me first.
[laughs]
Whee!
Ta-da!
[barks] That's flip-tastic.
Skye, check out my 180 on the slide.
Whee!
Whoo-hoo!
My turn, my turn, my turn.
[barks] Here I go.
Whoa! No! Whoa!
Look out above!
[grunts]
Sorry.
Thought the slide was longer.
[laughs]
Longer? Great idea.
I think I have something.
Perfect.
Don't lose it, reuse it. [barks]
Marshall, give it a blast.
[barks]
Pup's away!
Whee!
[barks]
Super slippy.
Whoo-hoo! [grunts]
Whee!
[grunts]
Whoa!
Rubble!
[groans]
Are you all right?
Again!
[all laugh]
-[Rubble] Whoo-hoo!
-[all barking and howling]
Oh, that's the spot.
Oh! Oh!
No, that's the spot.
Ah!
Wait, that's the spot.
[phone rings]
Hello. Ryder here.
[Turbot] Ryder, it's Cap'n Turbot.
I have a whale of a…
Uh, well, a whale of a whale problem.
Oh no.
Cap'n Turbot's stuck inside a whale.
[Turbot laughs]
Not in the whale, Chase. Next to it.
Poor baby whale got spooked
and swam right onto the beach.
Uh-oh. The baby whale beached herself?
Yup. She's at risk of serious
epidermal dehydration complications.
[whale sighs]
Otherwise known as getting all dried out.
Can you lend a hand, Ryder?
A hand and some paws.
No job is too big. No pup is too small.
PAW Patrol, to the Lookout.
Whee!
-[beeps]
-[Ryder] PAW Patrol, to the Lookout.
[all] Ryder's calling.
[all barking]
Whoa!
Wait up!
[all barking]
Where's…
[gasps] Marshall!
-Wait for me.
-[all gasp]
Whoa! [grunts]
Made it. Phew.
[elevator dings]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir.
Thanks for coming, pups.
We have a poor little whale
in big trouble.
[whale groans]
We need to get her
back in deep water and fast.
She must miss her mom.
Don't worry. I've got a plan.
[beeps]
Rubble.
[barks]
I need you to dig a channel
so the water can reach the baby whale.
When high tide comes in,
the whale can float out.
Rubble on the double.
-[beeps]
-Marshall.
[barks]
I need you to use your fire hose
to keep the whale wet
till the tide comes in.
Yes!
I'm going to get that whale wet, wet, wet.
[chuckles]
-All right. PAW Patrol is on a roll.
-[all barking]
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go, go ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
[laughs]
Whoa!
-♪ Rubble ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
[barks]
♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Marshall ♪
-Whoa! [barks]
♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[siren blares]
-♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
[tires squeal]
[siren blaring]
[Rubble] Yay! [barks]
[howls]
PAW Patrol here to help.
Thanks, Ryder. I just can't keep
this poor little whale wet enough.
Don't worry.
If she can't get to the water,
the water will come to her.
Marshall, you're on.
[barks]
This will help you beat the heat. [barks]
[both laughing]
[groan]
[chuckles] Good one.
This little whale has a good aim.
Make sure the channel
is nice and wide, Rubble.
We'll need lots of water to float her out.
Let's dig it.
[sighs]
Just about done here, Ryder.
It's almost high tide.
There should be enough water
to carry the baby whale out.
Let me just scoop out the dam
to let the water in. [barks]
Hope it works.
[Marshall] Here comes the water.
Higher, higher, higher!
-[gasps]
-Come on, water.
Higher.
I'm afraid the tide
won't get any higher than that.
Maybe we can get the little whale
in the water with a big push.
Okay, everybody.
One, two, three.
-Push.
-[all grunting]
[sneezes]
[all groan]
Excuse you.
Uh, hello? Is it potentially possible
within your PAW Patrol powers
to get me down?
[whale sighs]
[whale singing]
Hey.
Sounds like another whale.
Could be. Whales talk
to each other with their songs.
[gasps] It is another whale.
I bet it's her mom.
[Ryder] She's headed straight for us.
Good news. Your mom's coming.
-[barks]
-[gasps]
Not so good.
If she comes too close,
that mama whale may get stuck too.
Two beached whales is two too many.
Cap'n Turbot,
aren't whales sensitive to sound?
Oh, yes. A calamitous cacophony--
Uh… [chuckles]
I mean, loud noises scare them.
Then we need to make enough noise
to keep her away from here.
You might want to cover your ears.
Let's get loud.
-[horn honking]
-[whistling]
[howling]
She's slowing down.
Good. But we need her to turn around.
Hey, Marshall, let's get really loud.
[howling]
[siren blaring]
[Turbot] Yes! She's heading out.
-[Ryder] Yes!
-[Marshall howling]
[laughing]
[loud moan]
[whimpering]
Who knows how long she'll stay out there.
[whimpers]
We need to get the little whale
back in the water. Fast.
[grunts] The tide isn't high enough.
Hmm. I know.
Maybe Rocky could rig something up
that could help us slide
the baby whale out into the bay.
We were just doing that
this morning at the park.
[both] Perfect!
[barking]
Thanks for getting here so fast, Rocky.
Rocky to the rescue.
Okay, Rocky, roll it into the channel.
Perfect. Marshall, can you spray
the plastic so it's slippery?
Sure can.
[laughs]
[barks]
Excellent. Okay then, all paws on deck.
One, two, three,
-and push!
-[all grunting]
[laughing]
No! I'm all wet.
Look.
[chuckles]
[Marshall] Bye, little whale.
We'll miss you.
[Rocky] Be good.
[sniffling]
What's wrong, Rubble?
Just, um, sand in my eye.
Any of you pups hungry
after all that work?
-I am!
-Me too.
[all howl]
[Turbot barking]
Me too, me too! [laughs nervously]
Well, I realize I'm not technically a pup.
But I am actually hungry… [chuckles]
…which is why I always carry
a little homemade dried squid jerky.
Super tasty.
Mmm. Try some?
No, thanks. I'm good.
Here you go, pups.
-[all bark]
-[Ryder laughs]
I think we all deserve a day at the beach.
-[pups cheering]
-Yes!
-Whoo-hoo!
-♪ You're all good pups ♪
-[all cheering]
-Awesome!
♪ And we saved the day ♪
♪ And now it's time to play
Around Adventure Bay ♪
[vocalizing] ♪ PAW, PAW, PAW Patrol ♪
[barking]
[all cheering]
[theme music playing]